[♪♪♪]
Ah.
[CHUCKLES]
How is the water,
master?
Oh, wonderful, Jeannie.
Just wonderful.
Everybody should have
their own swimming pool.
Get rid of it, will you?
Thanks, Jeannie.
If you enjoy a swimming pool
so much, master,
why do you not
keep it?
Well, I don't think
I could explain it
to my neighbors.
Oh, well, I will get rid
of them for you.
Uh, no, no.
No, I like my neighbors.
I really do.
Why don't you make
a little breakfast?
Oh, and make it for two.
Major Healey's coming over.
Good. I have not seen
Major Healey in a long time.
Has he been away?
No. No.
As a matter of fact,
I haven't seen him
much myself.
I, uh, think
he's a little hurt
because I haven't
let him borrow you.
That's why I asked him over
for breakfast this morning.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Oh, there he is now.
Well, I will tidy up.
Good morning, Roge.
Good morning.
Did I get you
out of a shower?
No. I've just
been in for a swim.
A swim?
Good morning,
Major Healey.
Oh. Good morning,
Jeannie.
You're looking very well.
Oh, thank you.
You're quite a stranger
around here, Roge.
I haven't seen you
for two weeks.
Oh, thank-- Thank you.
Has it been that long?
Sorry I couldn't make it
for dinner last night.
Well, I-- I got
a little tied up.
You know how it is.
I, uh...
Would you like something else
for breakfast, Major Healey?
Oh. Mm.
I came by
to tell you
that I couldn't stay
for breakfast.
You see, I'm going
over to the bank
to draw all
my money out.
What's wrong, Roge?
Ahem. Wrong?
What makes you think
anything's wrong?
Because I know you. And I think
I know what's bothering you.
Let me in on it.
You're hurt
because I won't let you
borrow Jeannie.
Hurt? Me?
I think I know
how you feel.
And because you're
a close friend,
I'm gonna let you borrow
Jeannie this afternoon.
Oh, thanks anyway, Tony,
but I don't want to
borrow Jeannie.
You don't want to
borrow Jeannie?
I found something
that's better than a genie.
Well, I'm sorry I can't stay
for breakfast.
[♪♪♪]
BELLOWS:
Captain Nelson,
what are you
doing?
Taking out a 104, sir.
I'm taking it out
this afternoon.
You have
a visitor.
Well, Colonel Yeager.
Hi, Tony.
Very good
to see you, sir.
Colonel Yeager was one
of the pioneers
in the space program.
I had a good airplane,
the X-1.
What are you
doing here, sir?
Oh, looking over
the facilities at the cape.
And, incidentally,
congratulations
on your last space walk.
Thank you very much, sir.
Where are you
off to next, sir?
Oh, going down to Panama
to look over
our Jungle Survival School,
and just wanted
to drop by and say hello.
I appreciate it.
Take good care
of him, doc.
Oh, I will.
I will.
I'll see you, Tony.
Okay, sir.
Good seeing you.
Hi, Roge.
Hi, Tony. Colonel Yeager
was looking for you.
Did you see him?
Yeah.
Did you mean what
you said this morning?
What did I say this morning?
That you had something
better than a genie.
Oh, look, uh,
do me a favor, will you?
Forget I mentioned it, huh?
Oh, well...
[CLEARS THROAT]
Um, give me a clue.
How big is it?
Bigger than a breadbox.
Bigger than a breadbox
and better than a genie?
Well, I wouldn't say
she's better than a genie,
but she's as good.
She? Go on.
If I tell you,
you won't laugh?
No.
I have a fortuneteller.
[LAUGHS]
A fortuneteller.
Well, thanks a lot.
Oh, come on, Roger.
A fortuneteller.
I-I--
Look, I don't blame you.
I was--
I was skeptical myself.
But when she told me
where I was born
and where I went to school--
She knew everything
there was to know about me.
Roger, you're an astronaut.
Now, your picture has been
in every newspaper in the world.
What about the things
that aren't in print?
Fortunetellers are the greatest
psychologists in the world.
They can tell by
the expression on your face
if they're
on the right track.
And if they are,
they just keep on going.
If they're not,
they pull back.
Look, you have your genie.
Let me keep my fortuneteller.
Oh, oh, sure.
All right.
I just don't want you
to get hurt. That's all.
Where did you meet this,
um, uh...?
Madame Zolta?
[LAUGHS]
Yeah, Madame Zolta.
What's so funny about that?
I met her coming out of
my apartment.
She bumped into me.
She bumped into you?
I'd like to meet her,
Roge.
I thought you weren't
interested.
I changed my mind.
Think you could arrange it?
Well, she's giving me
a reading this evening.
You could come along.
How about 8:00?
[SNAPS]
It's a date.
Oh.
Listen. She's really
going to impress  you.
She already has.
I still do not
understand
why you must meet
this fortuneteller, master.
I would be happy to read
your stars for you.
Oh, uh, thanks, Jeannie.
I don't want anybody
to read my stars for me.
No, this is Roger's
fortuneteller.
He thinks she's psychic.
And I think there's
some kind of
a swindle going on.
Oh, but master,
could it not be
that she is psychic?
[LAUGHING]
Psychic, my foot.
She's a con artist.
A what?
Uh, she's a fake, Jeannie.
She's not charging him
for the readings.
That means she's
after something bigger.
I'd like to know what it is.
Well...from what you say,
Major Healey believes
she is genuine.
Major Healey believes in
fortune cookies.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Oh.
That's him.
I will let him in.
[SIGHS]
ROGER:
Hello!
Good evening,
Major Healey.
Oh. Good evening,
Jeannie.
Major Nelson has been telling me
about your fortuneteller.
Yeah, she's
fantastic.
Oh, I have known many
wonderful fortunetellers.
Have you really?
Oh, yes.
My friend Nossie used--
Nossie?
Nostradamus.
Oh.
He used to tell me
many exciting things
that came true.
Well, they don't make them
that way anymore,
Jeannie.
All right,
we better be going.
I'll--
I'll be home early.
Oh-ho. I wouldn't be
too sure of that.
You may get
so fascinated with her,
you won't want to leave.
Well, I hardly
think so, Roger.
Good night, Jeannie.
Good night, master.
I will wait up for you.
[SIGHS]
Say, have you heard anything
about NASA expanding
and buying more property
around the base?
No. No. Isn't this
your apartment?
Yeah, Madame Zolta
lives right next door to me.
Oh, that's a coincidence,
isn't it?
Boy, you sure
are suspicious, aren't you?
Come in,
Major Healey.
Hello, Madame Zolta.
I'd like you
to meet a friend--
Major Nelson.
Hey, she knows who you are.
Sit down.
Thank you.
Ahem, I-- I hope
I'm not intruding, madam.
Oh, but you're not
intruding, major.
I was expecting you.
And when Madame
Zolta says
she's expecting you,
she--
Oh, how about that?
Three cups.
Major.
Thank you.
And you take cream
and one sugar.
Hey, how about that?
Do you see what I mean?
She knows.
Remarkable, Roger.
Major Nelson...
is a skeptic.
No, no, no.
That's not true.
He just came over here
to meet you.
He came because he does not
believe in me,
and he was worried about you.
Now, is that not true, major?
Well, let's say
I came with an open mind.
You are a Leo.
Hey, that's right.
How about that?
I'm sure Madame Zolta
reads newspapers, Roger.
You have a very inquiring mind.
You want to know
why things happen.
That's true.
That-- That's true.
That's also true
of millions of people.
And you are very stubborn.
Once you are interested
in a problem,
you will not let go
until you have all the facts.
Oh, boy, has she got
you down pat.
I have prepared
your astrological
chart for you.
I hope
you do not mind.
No.
Not if it's not
too expensive.
There is no charge.
No?
Well, I understand these take
quite some time to prepare.
Doesn't matter.
I did it because...
I am very interested
in you.
How did you know
you were gonna meet me?
Perhaps I read it
in the newspaper.
Touché, Tony.
May I see your hand, please?
Which one?
The one with the scar on it...
...that you got climbing
over your neighbor's
barbed-wire fence.
The right one.
You didn't tell me
about that.
Well, it happened
when I was 7 years old.
I suppose she read
about that in the newspapers.
Let us see what
the crystal ball
has to say.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
Oh, you won't
believe this.
This is really
good.
Uh, Madame Zolta.
I'm afraid you--
You're just wasting
your time.
My, uh, friend
Major Healey may be
a little more gullible
than I am.
I've had a little
more experience.
And if there's one thing
I'm sure of, it's that--
That's me.
Yes.
The crystal ball holds the past,
the present and the future.
Yeah-- Hey, Roger,
that's really me.
Don't touch it.
You will...
disturb the spirits.
Oh, sorry.
Now do you
believe me?
I-- I'm sorry, Madam, I--
I-I must admit
I was skeptical
when I first
came in here,
but that--
That's really amazing.
Do not apologize, major.
I have converted
many unbelievers.
I'd certainly like to know
a lot more about this.
I'm holding a séance
tomorrow night.
If you care to attend,
you are very welcome.
Oh, I'd--
I'd like that very much.
Can you, uh...?
Can you contact the spirits?
If the atmosphere is right.
Well...I, um--
I have an aunt and uncle
I lost a few years ago.
I'd very much like
to speak to them.
Uncle Jeff and Aunt Susan.
We will do what we can, major.
Thank you.
Now if--
If you'll excuse me.
I'm--
I'm rather tired.
Oh, yes, yes,
certainly.
I must say,
I'm--
[CLEARS THROAT]
I-I'm terribly impressed.
I think that you will find
the séance tomorrow
much more impressive.
Good night.
Roger...
Uh, good night.
Good night.
S-s-see you tomorrow tonight.
Thanks again.
Hakim.
It was easy.
You really think
you'll be able to talk
to your Uncle Jeff
and Aunt Sue?
Oh, it's
a possibility.
If anybody can do it,
Madame Zolta can.
She's great.
She better be.
I don't have an Uncle Jeff
or an Aunt Sue.
Oh, uh, hi, hi.
Jeannie--
Yes, master.
Well, could you come over here?
I need a little--
[LAUGHS]
Oh.
Oh, a crystal ball.
Yeah.
Oh, master,
do you mind if I use it
to look up
some of my old friends?
Uh, uh, Jeannie, it's not--
It's not a telephone book.
It's just a piece of glass.
Ah. But you
told me
that Madame Zolta made you
appear in her crystal ball
as a small boy.
So I do not see any reason
why I can't--
Uh, yes, yes, I know.
But that's just
a trick she does.
And I think I figured out
how she does it.
Now, ahem,
I need a--
A photograph
of a man and a woman.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah. That's good.
It's a--
It's a little modern.
Um...could you make them
about, uh...
20 years older?
Yeah. That's it.
That's it.
Okay, now let's see,
what do I do first?
Oh, here. Ahem.
Oh, uh, Jeannie, could you
plug this in, please?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Now, let's see.
Yeah, this ought to
do it.
Ah.
What are you doing, master?
I am putting my Uncle Jeff
and my Aunt Susan
in a crystal ball.
Abracadabra
Zelamizoo
Your Uncle Jeff
And Auntie Sue
[CHUCKLES]
It works.
That's really great.
You'd never think
they'd been dead
for 20 years, would you?
No.
You certainly wouldn't.
Hello, Dr. Bellows.
What's that?
Uh, well,
that's just a--
A crystal ball.
Just a crystal ball?
And those people in it...
have been dead for 20 years?
Uh, oh, no.
They're not real, sir.
They're spirits.
Oh, certainly
you don't believe
in spirits, sir?
And you can summon them
any time you want to?
Oh, no, no.
You see, this is
an experiment we're--
We're doing in
the astro lab.
Mm.
The important thing
is that, uh--
Oh, major.
Yes.
Hm. You just
wait right here.
A crystal ball?
His Aunt Sue and Uncle Jeff
were in it, sir.
They've been dead
for 20 years.
Doctor, do you know
what I think?
I think it's time
you had a long vacation.
I swear I saw it
with my own eyes, general.
The crystal ball is on his desk
right this minute.
With his Aunt Sue
and Uncle Jeff in it?
That's right.
Let's go.
Um. Jeannie.
That's it, Jeannie.
That's how she does it.
Somehow Madame Zolta
got a picture of me
as a small boy,
and she puts it, um,
under the crystal ball,
then shines a light
up through it.
Oh, but why should she go
to all that trouble, master?
It's so much better
to do it the easy way.
Yeah--
Well, I don't know.
I'm going to find out
at the séance tonight.
And I'm gonna take
this picture with me.
Master, I went to
a séance once
at Cleopatra's palace.
[GIGGLES]
And I remember,
the medium told Mark Antony
that if he didn't
watch out--
Jeannie.
Ah!
[CLEARS THROAT]
Oh, general.
There it is, sir.
Tony, uh...
what is this?
Uh, sir?
That's a paperweight, sir.
Your aunt and uncle
aren't in it.
What would my aunt and uncle
be doing in a paperweight, sir?
They were there
a minute ago, sir.
You know, major,
"Abracadabra
"Zelamizoo
It's Uncle Jeff
And Auntie Sue"
That's very nice.
What have you done
with your Uncle Jeff
and Aunt Sue?
I haven't done anything
with them, sir.
I don't have an Uncle Jeff
or an Aunt Sue.
You don't have an Uncle Jeff
or an Aunt Sue?
I could start my vacation
Monday, general.
Will there be many people
at this séance?
Oh, uh, half a dozen or so.
Ah.
It has been a long time
since I have been to a séance.
I'm afraid you can't go
to this one, Jeannie.
I'm gonna be busy enough
without having to worry
about you.
[CAR DOOR
CLOSES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
That's Roger's car.
Roger, come on in!
It's open.
Good evening,
Major Healey.
Hi, Jeannie.
Hi.
All set
for Madame Zolta?
All set.
Master,
what does this Madame Zolta
look like?
Uh, well,
it's hard to tell.
She wears those big
flowing robes, you know.
ROGER:
Hard to tell?
Are you kidding?
She's one
of the most beautiful--
Roger, ahem.
Uh, well,
it's hard to tell
what she looks like
in those big
flowing robes, yeah.
[ALL CHUCKLE]
We better get going.
Promise me you'll be
a good girl.
I promise you
that I am going to be
a good girl.
Isn't she wonderful?
If I'm ever
elected president,
I am going to see
that everyone has one.
Enjoy yourself.
[CHUCKLES]
Hm. I always enjoy myself
at a séance.
Boy, am I gonna have a big,
fat apology coming from you.
Good evening.
Oh, good evening.
Major Nelson, Major Healey,
this is Hakim.
How do you do?
I trust your arm
is better, major.
Oh, it's much better,
thank you.
I just had a little
touch of--
Hey, I didn't tell her
about my arm hurting.
Well, maybe it's the way
you hold it, Roger.
Madam, um, I've had
a little time to think
about what you did.
And, well, frankly,
I find it almost
impossible to believe.
I am glad that
you're skeptical, major.
My delight will be
that much keener.
Oh, ex-excuse me,
sir.
Let me--
Yeah, oh, it's my fault.
Let me
introduce you
to other seekers
of the truth.
Major Healey.
We have met before.
Major Nelson.
Miss Gordon.
Mrs. Bates.
So nice.
How do you do? Hello.
How do you do?
My pleasure.
All of us have been brought here
by a common desire:
The wish to explore
the unknown.
Now there are skeptics among us,
and I welcome them
on behalf of myself
and those dear spirits
to whom we shall
soon be speaking.
It's kind of spooky,
isn't it?
Oh, yes.
There is nothing
to be frightened of.
This is your first séance,
major?
Yes.
I think I can promise you
an unforgettable experience.
I think,
with a little luck,
it'll be an unforgettable
experience for everybody.
Ahem. Oh,
excuse me, sir.
Oh, that's quite all right.
It's my fault.
Please be seated.
Thank you.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Yes.
What are you
doing here, sir?
Major Healey told me
about the séance.
I've come to meet
your aunt and uncle.
My aunt and uncle?
Oh, madam, this is--
Dr. Alfred Bellows.
Yes.
Won't you join us.
Isn't this
exciting?
This is my third séance
this week.
How wonderful.
Yes.
Dim the lights,
please, Hakim.
Let us join hands.
And there's no one here but us
and our unseen
friends,
who will soon
make themselves visible
to those
who wish to see them.
I'm about to go
into a trance.
I warn you,
no matter what
you hear or see,
do not let go of the hands
you are holding.
I am a bridge
into the unknown.
There are those here
who wish to communicate
with their departed
dear ones.
I sink into the nothingness
of eternity.
We are calling to you,
O spirits.
Hear us. And come to us.
You do not come.
Are you angry?
Is it because
there is
an unbeliever among us?
Boy, this is spooky,
isn't it?
Shh.
Isn't it?
ZOLTA:
But he wishes to believe,
O spirit.
He needs a sign.
Perhaps if he could see
some of his departed
loved ones.
[WIND HOWLS]
Look, Tony, look.
TONY:
I see. I see.
BELLOWS:
It's your uncle
and aunt.
Hello out there.
If anyone recognizes
the spirits, speak.
Tony? You,
my darling nephew?
Uh, hello, Aunt Sue.
Uh, ahem,
you look wonderful.
Hello, my boy.
It's good to see you.
Uncle Jeff,
how are you?
How is everything
in the old country?
What did you say?
I said, how is everything
in the old country,
you big bag of ectoplasm?
He does not mean to be
disrespectful, oh, spirit.
Oh, we must go now,
Tony.
But Madame Zolta will tell you
how to find us again.
No, no, Uncle Jeff, don't go.
Don't go.
I'd like to have a chat with you
about the, uh-- The family.
They're calling us back.
What? Don't they give you
a coffee break?
We shall return.
Please do.
I knew them in Chicago.
We will compose
our souls
with celestial music.
[SYMPHONIC MUSIC PLAYS]
Would anyone else like
to commune with a loved one?
Yes, I would.
Are you there,
dear Herbert?
I think I can feel Herbert
coming to you.
[SQUEALS]
Herbert!
Herbert?
Something strange
is happening.
[LAUGHS]
Spirits?
Is that you,
spirits?
[THUNDER CRASHES]
I've done it.
I've done it!
I've brought the spirits.
Hello.
Hello, spirits.
This is Madame Zolta.
Do you have anything
to say to me?
[DEEP VOICE]
Yes, Madame Zolta.
BATES:
Look!
[GASPS]
Spirits.
Let's get
out of here.
Yeah. Sure.
Where--?
Where's Dr. Bellows?
ROGER:
Oh, he's fainted.
Okay, I got it.
Take care
of the doctor.
If you just give me
a chance.
I still don't understand
what they were after.
I talked to a police-lieutenant
friend of mine,
and he says that Madame Zolta
is a member of a ring
that's swindling people
in a real estate deal.
It seems that she
softens up her, um--
Her clients by telling them
somebody is going to come along
with a fantastic
real estate deal.
And then one
of her confederates steps in
and sells them
a lot of worthless land.
Yeah, but why pick on me?
I'm not rich.
Well, there's been
a rumor going around
that NASA's
going to expand.
Of course,
that would make
all the property around
the base worth a fortune.
And they wanted
that inside information.
You mean, she wasn't
psychic after all?
[SIGHS]
Roger, you've got to stop
believing in crystal balls.
Oh, but they can predict
the future, master.
Oh, Jeannie.
Well, look. Look.
Mm. Jeannie,
what's going on?
[LAUGHS]
Wait a minute.
What--?
Uh, Jeannie?
Jeannie?
Hey, wait a minute.
Jeannie, come on,
let me out of here.
Jeannie!
[GIGGLING]
You see?
[GIGGLES]
[♪♪♪]